Éric's comments (#98)
tlswg/dtls-rrc: draft-ietf-tls-dtls-rrc.md

CID-address binding is updated in that endpoint's session state.
This is done in order to give the receiving endpoint confidence
that the sending peer is in fact reachable at the source address indicated in the received datagram.

> For an illustration of the handshake and address validation phases, see the {{overview}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an illustration of the handshake and address validation phases, see {{overview}}.
```

`rrc` extension in its ServerHello.  The `extension_type` value for this
extension is TBD1 and the `extension_data` field of this extension is empty.
A client offering the `rrc` extension MUST also offer the `connection_id` extension {{!RFC9146}}.

> If the client offers the `rrc` extension but not the `connection_id` extension, the server MUST NOT send `rrc` in its ServerHello.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the client includes the `rrc` extension in its ClientHello but omits the `connection_id` extension, the server MUST NOT include the `rrc` extension in its ServerHello.
```

Since the DTLS 1.3 encrypted packet's record type is opaque to on-path observers, RRC messages are immune to middlebox interference when using DTLS 1.3.
In contrast, DTLS 1.2 RRC messages that are not wrapped in the `tls12_cid` record (e.g., in the server-to-client direction if the server negotiated a zero-length CID) have the `return_routability_check` content type in plain text, making them susceptible to interference (e.g., dropping of `path_challenge` messages), which would hinder the RRC functionality altogether.

> Therefore, when using RRC in DTLS 1.2 and middlebox interference is a concern, it is recommended to enable CID in both directions.

Reviewer: Should we capitalize the "recommended"?

Author: This is in the Operational Considerations section.  I don’t know if it's expected to use RFC 2119 here.  Some people, for example, get upset if the security considerations contain normative text. 🤷
